LSP: Move workspace/configuration from nvim-lspconfig to core (#13649)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/lsp.txt

                                         array.
                    {handlers}         Map of language server method names to
                                       |lsp-handler|

>                     {settings}         Map with case-sensitive keys to
>                                        'workspace/configuration' event
>                                        responses. These are sent to the server
>                                        via `workspace/didChangeConfiguration`.
>                                        If settings are changed, the client must 
>                                        be notified with `client.workspace_did_change_configuration({settings})`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    {settings}         Map with language server specific
                                       settings. These are returned to the language server if
                                       requested via `workspace/configuration`. Keys are
                                       case-sensitive.
```

I'd trim this down to the `workspace/configuration` part for now given that the `didChangeConfiguration` part is still in nvim-lspconfig and not in core.
